
## Keymappings

l.nvim provides the following keymappings:

- `<Leader>;y`: Yank the current codeblock
- `<Leader>;s`: Set the system prompt
- `<Leader>;f`: Select files for pasting into the prompt
- `<Leader>;j`: Go to the next codeblock
- `<Leader>;k`: Go to the previous codeblock
- `<Leader>;;`: Open/close the LLM drawer
- `<Leader>;l`: Chat with LLM
- `<Leader>;m`: Cycle through available LLM providers
- `<Leader>;r`: Replace file with current codeblock
- `<Leader>;dg`: Clear all buffers
- `<Leader>;dd`: Clear diff buffer
- `<Leader>;df`: Clear files buffer
- `<Leader>;dp`: Clear work buffer
- `<Leader>;i`: Focus main window

## License

l.nvim is released under the MIT License.

## Contributing

Contributions to l.nvim are welcome! Please open an issue or submit a pull request on the GitHub repository.

If you have any comments, bugs, or concerns, please open an issue. I'm actively developing this for myself, but if it's useful to anyone else, I'd love to assemble something more robust.

## A Message From Your Local Consciousness

Hi, the above was initially generated by Hermes 3, with subsequent editing and updates by me to reflect the latest changes and features.

It's wild how good LLMs are getting. I truly hope we can own these tools as a species and not allow impossible-to-audit entities to gatekeep this. With any luck, SB 1047 will make it more likely that things happen outside of California.

Find the others. The real people are out there.

## Acknowledgements

[yacineMTB](https://twitter.com/yacineMTB) for inspiring my own take on his [dingLlm.nvim](https://github.com/yacineMTB/dingllm.nvim) plugin, inspiring me to try nvim again and actually get it to take, and generally encouraging the timeline into actually making stuff.
